Found the issue! The container is sending 6a0d888a698e as its hostname during EHLO, but Google expects a proper domain name.

The fix: We need to add a proper hostname to the containers. Let me update the docker-compose to set the hostname:

Should I add this to all three containers?

hostname: mail.jcharlesassets.com
This will make the containers identify themselves properly during EHLO handshake with Google, which should resolve the 421 4.7.0 error.

The local_ip=0.0.0.0 parameter isn't working as expected - we need to set the actual container hostname.

Credits used: 0.86
Elapsed time: 24m 58s
is it needed on all three? yes maybe i dont know?

Kiro
You're right to question it. Let me think through which containers actually need it:

Who sends emails?

eden_web: ✅ Sends test emails from UI, campaign emails
eden_worker: ✅ Processes email queue, sends bulk emails
eden_cron: ✅ Sends scheduled campaigns, maintenance emails
All three containers can potentially send emails, so they all need proper hostname for EHLO.

Let me add hostname: mail.jcharlesassets.com to all three containers:


3 edits to file

docker-compose.yml

All three containers now have proper hostname. This should fix the EHLO issue where Google was rejecting the random container ID 6a0d888a698e.

Ready to deploy this hostname fix?

Credits used: 0.78 (?)
Elapsed time: 2m 21s
cool 

Kiro
Perfect! Kiro IDE applied the autofix. Now let's deploy this hostname fix:

Step 1: Deploy updated docker-compose with hostnames

Command
scp _Github/docker-compose.yml hetzner:/root/docker-compose.yml
docker-compose.yml                100% 6136   126.7KB/s   00:00    
Step 2: Restart containers with proper hostnames

Command
ssh hetzner "cd /root && docker-compose down && docker-compose up -d"
Let me do this in separate steps:

Command
ssh hetzner "cd /root && docker-compose down"

ssh hetzner "cd /root && docker-compose up -d"

Step 3: Verify the hostname fix

Command
ssh hetzner "docker exec eden_web hostname"
mail.jcharlesassets.com
✅ Perfect! Hostname fix deployed successfully.

What changed:

Container hostname: 6a0d888a698e → mail.jcharlesassets.com
All three containers now identify properly during EHLO handshake
Now test the "Send test email" again. The 421 4.7.0 error should be resolved because Google will now see a proper domain name (mail.jcharlesassets.com) instead of a random container ID during the EHLO handshake.

This should be the final piece of the puzzle!

and it was! thanks for the help!